docs: recipes and lookups (#15)
equinor/dm-docs: docs/docs/concepts/recipes.md

sidebar_position: 2
---

To express how a model is _stored_ and how it is _presented_, we use a concept of StorageRecipes and UiRecipes.

A recipe is an instance of the core Storage-/UiRecipe blueprints.

## StorageRecipe

A recipe for how to store the data for an entity based on the given blueprint type.

StorageRecipes are mainly to be consumed by the Data Modelling Storage Service.  

For now, StorageRecipes are mainly used to split large models into smaller parts. Either because it makes sense logically, or for performance reasons.

A StorageRecipes may look something like this;

```json
{
  "type": "dmss://system/SIMOS/StorageRecipe",
  "name": "DEFAULT",
  "description": "",
  "attributes": [
    {
      "name": "content",
      "type": "object",
      "contained": false
    }
  ]
}
```

This StorageRecipes is used for the core `dmss://system/SIMOS/Package`-type. Here we can see that any objects that are a 

> part of the "content" attribute for a package, are not contained in that package entity, but is only referred to. Which makes sense logically.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
part of the "content" attribute for a package, is not contained in that package entity but is only referred to. Which makes sense logically.  Instead of the actual object, a reference object is added, and it includes the name, type, and _id of the object referenced. 
```
